hi everyone scape the scrapbook princess
I'm coming at you today with another
video in my series on my youtube channel
called introduction to today I'm gonna
introduce you to two stamps so the two
background stamps that Stampin Up has to
offer the supplies we'll be using today
is some whisper white cardstock and then
of course these Stampin Up classic ink
pad in basic black Stampin Up has two
woodgrain stamps that they offer
they're both background stamps this is
the woodgrain scheme that they've had
for a long time that's been in the
catalogue this one they just released
recently and it's called hardwood both
of these stamp sets I think are
fundamental stamps that everyone needs
to have the background capability on
these stamps are just so amazing here is
the hardwood stamp set stamp in a card
along with the flower shop flowers and
then the sentiment is something that you
can get for the celebration this month
that ends at the end of the month so
I'll be showing those in another video
I don't think and then this one here is
this isn't a stampin up stamp set this
is a lawn fawn let's roll stamp set but
the Stampin Up hardwood was used to make
the background and also to make the cute
little table so this stamp set is just
so versatile I have both these stamp
sets in clear they are big enough to go
onto the front of a a2 size card so your
five and a half by four and a quarter
size cards I usually don't use acrylic
blocks for these just because I find it
so much easier to lay it down and press
with my hands like it the most the best
impression so the first one we're gonna
stamp up is just the classic woodgrain
you just stamp it up like you would any
other stamp pad I like to bring my pad
to nice my ink pad to my stamp when
they're big like this and then you can
either put the piece of paper on top of
your stamp but in this particular case I
am just going to put the stamp
to the paper only because we're not
worried about lining anything up or
anything like that and then I just pry
just press with my hands so I get the
best impression and then I lift up that
is the classic wood grain and then the
next background stamp is the brand-new
hardwood stamp set from stampin these do
come in wood mount if you are more
interested in wood mouth and you are
clear it just so happens that I am just
I'm just a huge fan of these clear so
this is the hardwood
this one looks so cute like if you were
doing like a pirate theme or an ocean
theme or something like that I am that
is the hardwood so these are two of many
background sands that Stampin Up has to
offer it's just I thought these would be
cute to compare wood grain to the
hardwood so I would love to beat your
Stampin Up demonstrator if you don't
have one already I will give you the
link below to my blog or my blog to my
web page and then also to the both of
these stamps if you would be interested
in ordering them if you have any
questions or comments leave them below
and I will get back to you and if that's
it till next time have a good one